Fix Broken Docs Links (#1740)
shoelace-style/webawesome: packages/webawesome/docs/docs/utilities/frame.md

## Border Radius

> Frames have a square border radius by default. You can add any of the following [`wa-border-radius-*`](/docs/tokens/borders) classes to an element with `wa-frame` to specify the border radius:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frames have a square border radius by default. You can add any of the following [`wa-border-radius-*`](/docs/utilities/rounding) classes to an element with `wa-frame` to specify the border radius:
```
